115 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolहिन्दी (Hindi)DeutschItalianoУкраїнськаPortuguêsBahasa IndonesiaTürkçeРусский (Russian)PolskiFrançaisWhat Was That Lyrics“What Was That” is a synth-pop anthem that navigates the aftermath of a breakup. It serves as the lead single from Lorde’s forthcoming fourth studio album. It marks her first major release following her… Read More 
A place in the city
A chair and a bed
I cover up all the mirrors
I can't see myself yet
I wear smoke like a wedding veil
Make a meal I won't eat
Step out into the street, alone in a sea
It comes over me

Oh, I'm missing you
Yeah, I'm missing you
And all the things we used to do

MDMA in the back garden, blow our pupils up
We kissed for hours straight, well, baby, what was that?
I remember saying then, "This is the best cigarette of my life"
Well, I want you just like that
Indio haze, we're in a sandstorm and it knocks me out
I didn't know then that you'd never be enough, oh
Since l was seventeen, I gave you everything
Now we wake from a dream, well, baby, what was that?

What was that?
Baby, what was that?

Do you know you're still with me
When I'm out with my friends?
I stare at their painted faces
They talk current affairs
You had to know this was happening
You weren't feeling my heat
When I'm in the blue light, down at Baby's All Right
I face reality

I try (I try), to let (To let)
Whatever has to pass through me pass through
But this is staying a while, I know
It might not let me go

MDMA in the back garden, blow our pupils up
We kissed for hours straight, well, baby, what was that?
I remember saying then, "This is the best cigarette of my life"
Well, I want you just like that
Indio haze, we're in a sandstorm and it knocks me out
I didn't know then, but you'd never be enough, oh
Since l was seventeen, I gave you everything
Now we wake from a dream, well, baby, what was that?

What was that?
'Cause I want you just like that (When I'm in the blue light, I can make it alright)
What was that? (When I'm in the blue light, I can make it alright)
Baby, what was that?